Hey, good morning family.
Praise the Lord.
Thank you for joining us again today.
Well, it's Diana, my sweetheart, and we're excited to be here.
We have some things the Holy Spirit has told us to talk about.
Yesterday in the livestream, the Lord was warning us about a Monica Lewinsky-type of a scandal.
And a lot of people were really freaked out about that.
But I've already warned you.
I kept seeing, remember the cobblestone path, and I saw the blonde lady with a really nice dress on.
She was a beautiful blonde lady, and nobody saw her coming.
This warning that the cobblestone path the Lord has told me about was about Donald Trump, and to intercede and pray for him.
He showed me him walking down a cobblestone path.
I don't know if this is legitimately a cobblestone path or if this is something that's like a type and shadow of something.
And this woman that is absolutely beautiful—this woman had blonde hair, she had a French twist in the back of her hair, and she was dressed up in this beautiful dress, and she was there to take him out.
The Secret Service, the people that were around, were not guarded up because of this woman's beauty.
So I don't know if this is, like I said, a type and shadow of somebody that is trying to seduce him or whatever.
I don't know.
Nobody saw her coming, and even the Secret Service didn't see her coming.
But the Lord spoke to me.
He said, "Brennan, not everything that I show you is just point-blank.
It's not as it seems.
It can be like a type and shadow.
" Yeah, that's what I want to say.
It's a type and shadow.
And so, whenever he was telling me, he said, "I want you to pray into that.
" And now I'm seeing who the blonde-headed woman is.
And I want to say, whenever he's been talking to us about JFK—and it would be a type of JFK, yeah, he was assassinated and things happened—but the Lord said, "Marilyn Monroes, Monica Lewinsky's...
pray over his marriage.
" I don't know how many times the Lord has said, "pray over his marriage.
" Arranged things like that...
there are very strong words that I get when I'm praying in the Spirit over President Trump's marriage: "paid off," things like that.
These are hard words, but they're the reality of what I feel we're praying over.
And it's something to be serious about, folks, because he must finish his assignment for what the Lord has called him to do.
And the only way he will do this, I really truly believe, ladies and gentlemen, is by this body of intercessors interceding for him.
He was the log in the road concerning the Antichrist agenda.
Everybody else was lined up ready, but we had Trump in the road as an oak tree log blocking the path of all this, trying to be the buffer.
So, you automatically know that the enemy is not happy about that, and he wants to take him out of the way.
So, I've already told you all that I saw the Iranian government saying, "If we can't get to him, we'll hurt his kids or his grandkids, or we have an assignment about this.
" So, it's coming in every single direction.
And even the Lord said about his heart, about his arteries, about all these things.
So, he is a threat obviously.
So now here's another one.
The Lord is warning us about—hopefully it's not already started—a Monica Lewinsky-type sex scandal.
And I saw a beautiful blonde woman, a woman that was poised and very polished in the way she talks, trying to...
and like I said, I'm not always going to just blame—it's probably going to blame the woman, say it's the woman's fault.
It takes two to tango, right?
It takes two.
So, we're not going to go, "Well, it's her fault, it's his fault.
" No, it's the devil's fault.
And he works with hormones, and he works with all kinds of things.
And if he can get an inch, he'll take a mile.
And so, that's part of this prayer assignment, is to pray a hedge of protection around him that he would be like a Joseph and flee these situations, saying, "Listen, I've got a job to do, and this isn't about this.
I'm going to do what God has called me to do, obviously.
" And we put prayer warriors assigned around and about him to make sure that he stays on target, because bottom line, ladies and gentlemen, it's about what God has for President Trump.
You may not like him.
I'm not in politics, folks.
I'm not, "Well, it's red, it's blue, it's Republican, it's Democrat, it's the New Party, it's whatever.
" No, it's lining up with what God has for America for the end-time mission, to line up with Israel, to do all these things, because I'm telling you, God has a plan.
And God's not done with America yet.
But it's about getting the wealth of the sinner laid up for the righteous with this end-time wealth transfer for the Body of Christ, from what I've seen.
And there's a great assignment for this.
And people go...
I want to say this, folks.
I'm not here to talk about money and tell you that you're going to be rich if you put your fifty-eight dollars in the bucket.
I'm here to tell you, if you follow the voice of God for yourself, He'll bless you exceedingly, abundantly, above all that you dare ask or think.
Because that's just the Word; He said He would do that.
But I'm not into all the gimmicks of things.
I'm just telling you, it's just black and white with me.
It's just the Word, what He said He would do for us.
And I'm telling you, it's time for us to walk in the abundance to the extreme, to where it overflows.
Not to be arrogant and inflated with pride, but to be a vessel that God can use to pour out His blessing upon people who need it.
If you don't have it...
it's like the youth building, for instance, in our church.
There shouldn't be a need of them having to go, "Well, you know what?
We can't do the project because there's not enough money there to do it.
" It should have a storehouse in the account for the Body of Christ to say, "Listen, we need new cameras, we need new paint, we need to do this stuff.
" And we don't have to raise a fundraiser to put a parking lot in for the revival.
Well, we've got this five acres, but there's no money, and we have to believe God, and God's like, "You know what?
It's time for the exceedingly, abundantly, above all that we dare ask or think, to be the people, the lenders that say, 'I've got it.
Let's just write the check and get this thing done.
Find the contractor.
Let's do it and get it done as quickly as possible.
In fact, we're behind schedule.
' Not to go, 'Well, you know, if the money comes in, folks, until it does, we can't get the project done.
' We're out of time.
Do you understand?
The Lord keeps telling me, 'Brennan, we're out of time.
' We're behind schedule with where we are right now and the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ.
Folks, we should already be as scouts, like I like being a watchman, seeing years in advance.
I'm trying to warn you of what's coming.
A plague's coming.
War is on the shore.
We should be praying against this war.
I'm telling you, it's rice-paper thin, poking the bear with this meeting that's coming up in Alaska, in Anchorage, on Friday.
And then people go, "Oh, it's not that big of a deal.
" No, it's a big deal.
From what I have seen, this is something we need to saturate in prayer, praying that Trump has wisdom, and not putting...
remember I told you, 'handle the bear with care, don't provoke him.
' He wants all of it, and he's playing poker.
And even Zelensky even said Trump's playing—I mean Putin is playing poker.
This whole thing is a strategy.
A major war is coming, and he's holding his cards.
And I was trying to warn you what was said not even 48 hours after I gave, 24 hours, whatever it was, after I gave you the word from the Holy Ghost, telling you what the Holy Spirit tells you all prophetically.
It's happening that quick.
He's trying to warn you of things to pray about.
And this is serious stuff because I saw a major—because the Lord told me even about the youth, building things, like he said, "You're running out of time.
A major war is about to break out.
You must pray.
This is serious.
This isn't just wars and rumors of wars.
This is a potential of not a rumor of a war, but a major world war that will drag France, Germany, Italy, the UK, Canada, Australia, and America all into this at the same time.
" And then on his side was North Korea, China, Venezuela, Cuba, and all these others trying to back up Russia.
And it was serious.
And that's what I'm trying to tell you.
This is something that, you know, people say, "Well, Brandon, with the visions that you see, can we stop this?
" Even our pastor said, "Do you feel like we can delay this?
" I said, "We always can pray into something and stop something.
We can fix a lot of things.
" I know the Bible says there will be wars and rumors of wars, and I have a major caution about this—that something major is about to kick off.
And look, folks, we're just a couple of weeks away from September being here.
And then I found out that there's a major eclipse, a blood moon, coming in September.
A blood moon coming.
Seven billion people will be able to see this blood moon that's coming in September.
I didn't even know there was an eclipse, but it's a seven billion potential to see this blood moon, a full blood moon over an area.
And those are signs in the heavens.
Signs in the heavens in September, the month you remember all these things that the Lord has already been talking to us about regarding September and warning us to pray over Rosh Hashanah and over this timeframe from September 23rd, with the UN making their choices and saying, "Hey, we want to divide Jerusalem and all these things, and a two-state solution, recognizing Palestine as a state and all these things.
" I'm just like, "My goodness, folks.
This is—it's just really heating up.
" And the Lord told me, "In a 24-hour period, everything's going to change.
Watch this.
" But as I was sitting in church tonight, I could see the Lord said, "Brandon, I told you great financial breakthrough is coming for the body of Christ.
It's time to get excited about what's about to happen.
The rocket ship is about to take off.
" And as I told you, I saw Garlinghouse grinning like a Cheshire cat.
There's more to this.
Why is he grinning?
Why is the Lord showing me Garlinghouse grinning like a Cheshire cat?
What's happening behind closed doors after the SEC came out and said—the SEC apology—"This lawsuit should never have happened," and they apologized for it?
The head of the SEC a day or so ago—articles are all about it—you know, that should never have happened.
If we were in it, that was from the Obama-Biden administration and all these other things.
I'm thinking from Gensler, and I thought, "Isn't this interesting how it all is coming to a head right now?
" This is not a coincidence.
What I believe in the natural, what I'm telling you all, what I've seen in the spiritual is coming in the natural.
We're about to see some of the most fun days of our lives for the greatest harvest of souls this world has ever seen.
When it comes down to praying for Perry Stone's church, when he brought all that up—because I don't even know Perry Stone.
I don't even know if Perry Stone likes me.
I don't know.
All I know is that the Lord said, "Pray for the man.
" Maybe they don't like me, and the Lord wants me to pray for them because people don't like me.
I don't know.
I just know the Lord said, "Pray for him.
Pray for revival.
Pray for John Kilpatrick.
Pray for these people because they're going to be pillars in the end-time army.
" I don't care.
All I know is I'm obedient.
It's like going—finally we go to every place I always go to.
I'm strategic for what the Lord has called me to because I walk in a prophetic watchman gift, and I see way in advance.
He assigned us to where we are, and I had no idea what that assignment was for over a year now.
He just said, "Stay in the back and pray.
" And finally, over the last week, he starts downloading to me why I'm there.
Because I'm like, "Why am I here?
What is my purpose?
" "Pray.
Okay, you're in a holding tank until I give you the next step.
" And I'm like, "It's going on a year.
Lord, what's going on?
" And I'm just sitting in the back, doing what I'm supposed to be doing.
Listen, he said, "Get refreshed.
Just listen.
Just do what I told you to do.
" When he called us to go to this other church in another city, he said, "I want you to go sit in the back," just like he did here.
But then he said, "I want you to address the pastor and tell him that there is a scandal.
" Within six months, that church fell, along with the other church that I went to.
We were there for 13 years, and then he said to give this word and what's going to happen.
Bam, it happened.
Now this one, he goes, "There's going to be a revival breakout here, all these things.
" And he gives us these things, but he doesn't give me an assignment other than to pray.
So every single time I'm strategic about everything God has ever called us to do.
He tells me the assignment, and now he finally gives us one, and I thought, "Praise the Lord.
" And so now we're praying into that, and I felt like we have ground.
And now I don't know if I'll be released or what the next phase is, but I'm just excited.
Whenever you finally get your bearings on something—Diana and I, we're people who know we have a mission.
We don't just go somewhere just to go somewhere, because God calls us to do something.
And when we're there, you know God has told us to be there out of any place we could be.
Folks, when all of a sudden it's like, "This is interesting to me.
" We have all kinds of people trying to throw us things and say, "Hey, please come here.
Come over here.
Do this.
" And the Lord says, "No, no, no, no, no.
Go over here and do what I say.
" And you just go, "Okay," and you don't hear anything else.
And then finally he gives you a direction, and you're going, "I get it now.
" And I told her, I said, "Wow, Lord, thank you for giving me more clear direction.
" And that's why I know we're coming to the end of things.
The Lord is coming, and he has strategic assignments for every single one of us.
Like my friend came up to me and he said, "Brandon, I got a job offer making big money, and I need you to help pray for it.
" And I was so excited for him because he's a giver, he's a sower.
And I believe with all my heart God has a plan for his life, because I've even seen him stepping out one day and having his own ministry and doing things.
And he's like, "I don't believe that.
I don't want to do that yet.
" Now, you know, it's uncomfortable for him to talk about that, but I know what I saw.
But it's not for me to try to convince you that everything I see is right.
I'm just like, "I see it.
" And I just go on about my business, you know?
But whenever he starts getting pieces of it, and he says, "I've got this and this," and I go, "Isn't that interesting?
Write it down.
" He goes, "Do you remember the word and the details of it that you never said?
" I said, "Yeah, you can see what God's doing and bringing it to pass.
" We're at the last of the last, folks.
Jesus is coming, but he's getting his people in position for finances to be end-time distributors.
He's a planner.
Yes.
Oh, what a plan.
Oh, what a planner.
And God is a planner to take it.
And people go, "Why do you think we need this money?
" Well, because you're going to have to have it to get the harvest in.
And He's only going to give it to the ones that He can trust.
I told you, not the bucket plunkers that go and give $5, going, 'Well, you know, I'm tipping God because I want to qualify,' when you make over $100,000 a year.
I'm not talking about if that's all you've got.
I'm talking about the widow's mite, where you're sacrificing, and this is everything you had, and the $5 is everything.
I'm talking about the people who go, 'You know, I gave God 100 bucks today,' but they made over $200,000 last year.
And you go, 'Come on, brother.
' You know, it's the attitude in what you have.
It's the heart with which we do things for the Lord, but you're doing it because you're doing it unto the Lord, and you're doing it with everything you have: 'God, I'm here.
Use me.
' So, as we see all these 'Don't back him in a corner' things coming to pass, and the alignment of things with the moon, the blood moon with Zelensky and all this, I told you, the puppet, and, 'Well, you know, we're not giving any of our land up.
' And Trump's like, 'You better do this.
You better do what we tell you to do or there's consequences.
' I said, 'Don't back him in a corner.
' I remember what the Holy Spirit said: 'Don't back him in the corner.
' And that's what we should be afraid of.
Here he is, strong-arming: 'You're going to do what we tell you to do.
We're putting sanctions on you.
We're going to make it really hard on you.
' And I'm like, you're going to poke the bear.
Don't do it.
Don't try to do what you say you're going to do and try to be the big tough guy coming in there.
I'm telling you, it's going to backfire.
I've seen it time and time again.
Do not think you're going to throw your weight around as the United States of America and try to bully this guy in the schoolyard.
You're not going to bully him in the schoolyard, sir, no matter what your intelligence.
And remember what the Holy Spirit said: 'None of your intelligence concerning where he's at is right.
There are secret things going on that you know not of.
' And that was what the Lord told me.
There's a mole in the Pentagon, there are moles in the White House, and they're leaking your information to certain people over there.
And I'm telling you, you think it's all okay, and you're cracking down the whip in Washington, D.
C.
And I'm thankful that you're bringing security and stability to the nation, but I'm telling you, you have leaks and more rats in the White House, and they're leaking stuff to these people.
That's what the Lord warned us about.
How many times has He warned us about rats in the White House?
It wasn't just about Elon; there are others.
And the Lord warned us and told us, 'Pray for Trump.
Make sure he has great discernment on who's around him, that he's hearing clearly to protect his family, to protect these things, because he has an assignment.
' So, that's my little rant today of my things, what I'm going through.
But I just wanted to tell you all, we love you and we've got to pray for Trump.
We've got to pray for these things ahead.
I wanted to do this little video to warn of some of the things that I'm getting, especially the Marilyn Monroe, Monica Lewinsky type of a scandal that's trying to...
This is very serious.
This is the most serious hotspot thing that I feel in my spirit right now, that it could actually happen this week.
That's how serious this is—a Monica Lewinsky, Marilyn Monroe type of event.
I pray it hasn't already, but I'm just telling y'all, we've got to pray for him.
So, let's take communion together today.
Father, I just thank You, Lord, for the body that was broken for us.
I thank You that You were wounded for our transgressions, You were bruised for our iniquities, the chastisement of our peace was upon You, and with Your stripes, Lord, we're healed.
And Lord, we take this body right now in the name of Jesus.
It's a potato chip, Father, but we do it because we love You, and we just want to become closer to You every single day.
We go from glory to glory.
You're changing us.
And Father, I thank You, Lord, that You died, You rose again, You did it all for us, Father, that we could walk in victory.
And I thank You, Father, that right now we're healed by Your stripes.
And Diana and I walk in covenant.
We walk in the blessing.
We walk in Your goodness.
We walk in the light.
And Father, I thank You, Lord, for everything You did for us.
By Your stripes, we're healed in Jesus' name.
Now, Lord, we take the blood, and we're so grateful, Father, for church tonight.
We're so grateful for ministering to the people.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that we make much of the blood, and the blood makes much of us.
We apply the blood of Jesus over this house.
We apply the blood of Jesus over our children, over our finances, over this room, Father, that we are covered by the blood, and we stay in that place of protection and that shelter of the Most High, and we abide under the shadow of the Almighty.
And we plead the blood of Jesus all around us, Father.
And we plead the blood of Jesus over our sins today; any open doors, Father, we cover them in the blood.
We plead the blood from the top of our heads to the soles of our feet.
So, I thank You, Father, for the blood.
I thank You, Father, for all that You've done for us.
And we take the blood, keeping our sins under the blood.
I'm telling you, Diana, I am determined to walk in victory in every area of my life.
Like what you're talking about tonight with what the Lord told you about the angels, walking in the victory and pleading the blood over our circumstances and stepping over and being obedient to what He's called us to do on a greater level.
I refuse to be lacking anything the Lord has for us.
And I'm telling you, it's only by the blood, it's only by His grace and His mercy, and we take it.
And I'm telling you, I grab ahold of it like a bulldog on a bone, and I'm saying, 'I'm not letting go until, Father, You touch me.
' I thank You, Father, for the blood right now in Jesus' name—the cleansing blood.
Lord, we thank You.
We thank You, Father.
What can wash away my sins?
Nothing but the blood of Jesus.
What can make me whole again?
Thank you, Father.
Father, we lift up our president today.
We lift up this nation.
We thank You, Lord.
We come before You boldly; we come into Your throne room boldly, Father.
And we thank You, Lord, that You know everything we have need of before we even have need of it.
You know, God, what's going on with President Trump and his marriage and all the things that You've shown me about the blonde woman.
And You wouldn't tell me about it if there wasn't something, because You don't gossip, and You're not up there going, 'Hey, just wanted to let you know.
' You're telling me so we can pray for him.
You're telling me so we can cover our president in the blood because the enemy has a plan to take him out.
It's not there to gossip, it's not there to expose and do the things that the world would do with it, but we're called to put a hedge around and about him.
So, Father, right now in the name of Jesus, I put angels from the north, the south, the east, and the west around about our president, and I pray over his marriage and everything that I've seen and the things that You've warned us about.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that we're led by Your Spirit, and we pray for him right now in the name of Jesus.
And we take authority over these spirits of lust, perversion, adultery, and this promiscuous spirit with Jezebels and all this other stuff.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that the blood of Jesus Christ covers our president.
And I thank You, Lord, that there is a conviction of sin.
Father, that this woman—we know who she is, but Father, we cover her.
And Father, she knows you and she hears you, and you'll visit her even in the midnight hour to say, "Don't do this.
Don't do this.
This is a plan, a strategic plan.
There's no good coming out of this.
Yes, it's the president.
Yes, there's power, and you are being led by the devil right now and by your emotions.
" Father, I thank you, Lord, that this is coming down in the name of Jesus.
We plead the blood of Jesus all around this circumstance even before it would come in contact.
Father, we cover this mind.
I see it.
It's a demonic spirit that's attached to him.
I don't feel like I should say all this out loud.
I just saw some stuff.
I don't think I should say that out loud.
I think we should just tiptoe on that one.
Father, I cover his mind in the blood of Jesus.
This is something that has been going on for several decades now: from one parent, from one child, the mother.
You see what I'm saying?
From the original, and it keeps coming down.
It's a spirit that hasn't been dealt with.
And once you get away with it once, it's easier to do it twice, a third time, a fourth time, you know.
And this is something that is a root, and the root has nasty fruit.
So when we're praying, we're dealing with the root of a spirit that has been yielded to more than once.
And so, because of this, it has got a stronghold.
And the stronghold has made it a reprobate mind that only comes out kind of bloodthirsty.
Does that make sense, what I want to say?
But perverse, sexually thirsty.
It's a spirit behind the individual.
It's not something that—when you yield to a demonic spirit, it takes you over and you think you've buried it and dealt with it, and you may be able to surface with it and be okay with it, but it's still there.
Women are not an object to conquer sexually.
They're to be honored.
God has a plan on every single woman just like he has on every single man.
But sometimes men of power use women as a sexual object to conquer when they are attractive or you have a lot of money.
It's sport, from what I see.
That's all I will touch with that.
I probably said too much, but does it make sense?
That's very dangerous.
I just saw into the depth of that.
And this has been going on clear back to the '70s.
I mean a long time.
Father, we just thank you, Lord, that he fulfills the purpose of what you've called him to do and you visit him in the midnight hour.
I thank you, Father, that all hidden things would be revealed, but, Father, there would be a hedge of protection around because we don't want any scandals.
We don't want any scandals, Father, and we thank you, Father, there's a hedge of protection around this, and it's not generational that goes on as sons.
I see it trying to go on his son, Don Jr.
I see this thing trying to go on the boys, and, Father, I thank you, Lord, that there's a hedge around and about them.
I pray, Father, as a watchman, a hedge of protection, that, Father, our president would finish the task at hand.
I pray, Father, that he would do the things that he needs to do concerning you, the UN, and standing with Israel.
That, Father, we would make America great again for this season, for a wealth transfer of the wealth of the sinners laid up for the righteous, Father, to turn this thing on a dime.
Father, that you would give us our window of opportunity to bring in that harvest of souls.
I know it's a small window, Lord, and I know the things that you've showed us, but, Father, I pray a hedge of protection around and about him and around his son and his daughters and his grandkids.
I pray a hedge around and about him, Father, as the angels would go with him to Anchorage, Father, and know exactly, Holy Spirit, what to say to Putin in this meeting.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that they would walk on this as thin ice and know exactly how to maneuver and operate in this with supernatural wisdom.
I thank you, Father, that it wouldn't be ego and testosterone in this, but, Father, it would be spirit-led like Solomon concerning this because I see a lot of ego and testosterone, a lot of ego and testosterone flexing.
And so, Father, we thank you, Lord, that there will be a deflating of ego and too much testosterone concerning this meeting on Friday, especially with Zelensky lying like a puppet and Putin and then Trump in the middle.
I don't even know if Zelensky is coming, but I'm telling you, between the two of them is enough testosterone in the room.
And, Father, I thank you, Lord, that cool heads will prevail, that wisdom will prevail, and it won't be a shouting match like it was in the White House with Zelensky and Trump that day fighting, and they got up and all the steam because I'm telling you, it's not.
Father, I know what you showed me and we ask for cool heads to prevail.
No ego involved in this concerning flexing: "You do this and you do what we tell you to do or we're going to do this to you.
" Strong-arming people.
Handle the bear with care.
And, Father, we pray a hedge around and about this that we handle the bear with care in the name of Jesus.
And, Father, I thank you, Lord, that like I said, cool heads will prevail.
And I pray a hedge around and about this nation and concerning Cuba.
And I thank you, Father, there's an exposing of things concerning Cuba in the name of Jesus that there will be no surprise, any kind of Pearl Harbor attacks.
I pray a hedge around and about this nation that the enemy within would be exposed with the vans and the trucks and all the ten major cities.
This has not gone away concerning September and all the months ahead.
We pray a hedge around and about our nation that, Father, our law enforcement, our Homeland Security, our FBI, our CIA, the ones that are good, the ones that are called by your name—Father, I thank you, Lord, that they are hearing you and they'll know exactly where the bad guys are and they would know exactly where to find them and how to expose them and bring them to justice in the mighty name of Jesus, and the mules.
We expose the mules and the sex trafficking and all the darkness that I've seen concerning with all the fentanyl pills and all the darkness that's coming over our border and the tunnels.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that our border security finds the tunnels and exposes all the darkness that comes in the middle of the night.
I thank you, Father, that your angels are watching over us, Father.
And it's not just on our southern border, but it's on our northern border concerning Canada that, Father, even in the Toronto area and these other areas, Father, there's tunnels, there's ways of trying to get through to get smuggling things.
Father, I thank you that every single thing would be exposed in the name of Jesus over these areas all throughout the borders, the mountain regions, and all of it.
Father, I thank you, Lord, all of it will be exposed in Seattle, in these areas, Lord.
We give you glory, honor, and praise, Father.
And I thank you, Lord.
Father, I thank you, Lord, right now in the name of Jesus.
I thank you, Father, that we rise up, Father, as the body of Christ, and know the urgency of the hour.
And, Father, we take our rightful place and privilege with you in the heavenlies, far above all principalities and powers and might.
And, Father, we do exactly what the word told us we could do in Ephesians.
And we stand our ground and we take the land back for Jesus.
That the strife in these ministries, that all this discord in the body of Christ, Father, would be like the static—like you see the ants coming out of the den.
Father, we call peace over these ministries in the name of Jesus.
And I thank you, Father, that cool heads will prevail.
We call cool heads to prevail in Jesus' name.
And Father, I thank you, Lord, that your will be done in every single one of these ministries.
That, Father, you're not finished with us yet, and that there's a greater manifestation of the glory than we've ever seen before about to hit.
I thank you, Father.
I thank you, Father, that you said we'll reach Asia for you.
We're going to reach Africa for you.
We're going to reach South America for you.
And Father, we'll have the greatest move of the Spirit of God like we've never seen before in the name of Jesus.
And it will go from shore to shore.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for our president.
I thank you, Lord, for his family.
I thank you, Lord, for Vance.
Thank you, Father, for our housing market's going to turn around and the car market, all these markets.
Father, I know what I've seen is a 1930s-style crash worse than the Great Depression.
I've seen it.
But, Father, you said you had given us a window.
As they say, the housing market's the worst it's been in 12 years and all these things, and the debt ceiling's worse than it's ever been, and all these things they are saying.
But, Father, you said, 'I'll give you a window.
' I thank you, Father, for that window.
I thank you, Father, that you're giving that window to us right now, and that things are turning around for us, the remnant, that we will hear you and we will be at the right place at the right time.
And you said a season of great favor, a season of great influence and favor will follow us.
Great doors of opportunity for the body of Christ, a supernatural acceleration over their finances, that whatever they put their hands to they will prosper, Father.
That they'll be in that right place.
They'll have that everywhere they go; when they open the door, there's favor on them.
Goodness and mercies fall on them all the days of their life, and they will dwell in the house of the Lord forever.
I believe that this is a time like never before that we will see the body of Christ soar.
We're the head and not the tail.
We're above and not beneath.
We'll go through and we'll not go under.
Father, I believe, Father, that this is a time like never before.
That, Father, we will have a great open door of opportunity, that you said the elderly generals will start to transition and come home, and the young new Davids and the young new Esthers will rise up like a backbone, like a crowbar, and take this land for Jesus.
For the elders are getting tired, and it's not time for all of them to go home, but there's a great transitioning of some of them.
And, Father, that there'll be new faces that we've never seen before, and that, Father, these people will rise up and they'll have great influence in this hour with accuracy in the prophetic, and they'll see demonstrations and manifestations of the glory.
And, Father, they'll rise up and be the leaders that need to be in this time, in this hour, and there'll be great influence on them and they'll be like a star in the middle of the night.
They'll see it, and people will see it, and you said, 'If I be lifted up, I will draw all men unto me.
' And we attract to deflect the glory, for we'll take none of the glory.
And we always give you all the glory, honor, and praise.
Father, we thank you, Father, for every church that's represented here today.
We thank you, Lord, that you're giving our pastors, our ministers, our apostles, our evangelists, our teachers, Father, supernatural new word, Father, not old word that's stagnant, Father, but we'll have new wine and new wineskins, Father, giving them a new revelation of the fire of God, a new revelation of the anointing and the presence of God on their ministry.
Father, they'll come and they'll drink from the river of living water and they'll not run dry.
Father, this is a time like never before.
It's a time of refreshing over our ministers, that they'll have refreshing over their minds, they'll have refreshing over them, and they'll have a new wind underneath their wings, and they will soar like eagles.
We're not down here pecking like chickens fighting amongst each other, but we'll soar like eagles because God has a plan for our lives.
We believe, Father, that we will do what you've called us to do with great victory and great accuracy, and not shrink back and let the enemy steal from us because he comes to kill, steal, and destroy.
But you come that we might have life and life more abundantly.
And Father, I thank you that we're going to live the abundant life in these last days.
And we're not going to shrink back and lose land, but we're going to take the land and say, 'Who are these uncircumcised Philistines that they try to defy the armies of the living God?
' We say, 'We're taking the head of the giants.
' We're not going to shrink back and say, 'Oh, we're the size of grasshoppers,' but, Father, we're more than conquerors through Him who loved us.
And we're obedient unto death for what you've called us to do, God, and we have great victory in Jesus' name.
We're winners.
We're overcomers.
We're able to do it.
You are able to do it through us exceedingly abundantly above all that we dare ask or think, Father.
And we believe, Father, that you've called us to the kingdom for such a time as this.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for marriages right now in the name of Jesus.
The devil's trying to destroy marriages, but we'll not have it.
We stand on our covenant rights, and we say in the name of Jesus, there's peace in our homes.
There's joy in our homes, and our marriage will last forever, Father.
We call peace over our marriages, Father.
And we stand firm on our covenant that we made with him and her, and we say we will not let the devil divide us because a double-minded man is unstable in all his ways.
And Father, where a house is divided there is strife, and where there's strife there's confusion and every evil work.
We're not going to have that.
We're going to be in unity and we're going to be walking in love, and we're going to live long and finish strong what God has called us to do in these last days.
And we're going to finish with great victory in the name of Jesus with our marriages intact.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that the husbands would rise up and pray and take dominion and authority and do what they're called to do, and that they'll be leaders in their homes, and they'll not shrink back and be limp-wristed metrosexual wimps.
But, Father, they'll be men of great integrity and do exactly what the Word has called them to do to lead their family into victory in the name of Jesus.
And Father, I thank you, Lord, that we love our wives and we honor them as Christ loved the church.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that there's an anointing on our wives to be that nurturing woman of valor of Proverbs 31.
Thank you, Lord, there's a covering over our wives to do what Proverbs 31 says.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that this is a time like never before, that we shine in the darkness, that the light of Jesus Christ shines on our face, and that when people see us, they say there's something different about them.
We don't blend in with the world; we're set apart.
We're the salt.
And Father, I thank you, Lord, that we have not lost our saltiness.
We have not lost our saltiness; we become more salty.
And they go, 'What is so different about them?
They're prospering whenever the economy is crashing.
Their marriage is intact.
They're walking in divine health.
They're walking in a light that I've never seen before.
What is it about you that's different?
' And it's all Jesus.
We give all the glory to Jesus and tell of his love.
We call our kids blessed.
We call our children to excel in school as they go back to school right now.
We pray a hedge of protection around every single one of our kids that no weapon formed against them will prosper.
A thousand shall fall at their side and 10,000 at their right hand, but nothing shall come nigh them as they step into those classrooms.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that there's a light around and about them.
And it's the angels of the Lord camping around and about them, as you said in your word that they would bear us up in their hands, lest we dash our foot against a stone.
We put a bloodline around our children, around the schools, that no calamity would come nigh them.
No demonic attack would come nigh them with any kind of peer pressure with drugs or sexual perversion from dating or whatever.
I call them to be righteous.
They'll be young Davids.
We call our kids blessed.
They'll be overcomers.
They'll rise up in the name of Jesus.
And they'll proclaim the kingdom of God is at hand in their schools with great victory.
And they'll not shrink back with peer pressure with kids trying to tell them, "You need to go our way.
" "No, you come my way.
I got the greater way.
We're going with Jesus.
We're going to go with what's good.
And we're going to go with what's pure and what's good in God's eyes.
We're not going to go this way of the world.
" Father, I thank you, Lord, that they would have backbones like a crowbar.
Father, that you raise up our children for such a time as this, to be a light in the darkness, to be the trendsetters, that they would be the trendsetters with their clothes—not to dress like a harlot, dress like a thug.
But, Father, they would raise up and say, "Hey, we're going to be the trendsetters.
" Father, I thank you for influence.
But the only way you're going to get influence is by the anointing of the Holy Ghost because he came to destroy the yoke.
He has the burden-removing and yoke-destroying power.
And I thank you, Lord, that as of this hour, you're raising up men, young men and young women, to do what would be impossible, shining the brightest, and they would see Jesus on them.
I thank you, Lord, for a supernatural hedge of protection around every one of our kids as they go back to school.
Father, we're not begging believers.
We're believing believers.
And we believe, Father, that you said in your word that you protect our kids.
We thank you, Lord.
We're not worriers.
We're not going to get all upset and worry, "What are we going to do?
Johnny's at school.
Maybe he's going to fall today," or something.
No.
Father, I thank you, Lord.
We're believers, and we take all the care out of our prayer, for you care for us.
You care for us so much, Father, that you love our kids more than what we do.
And you have a plan for their life, and you have more of a plan for us than what we have.
You said your thoughts are greater than our thoughts, your ways are better than our ways.
And Father, I thank you, Lord, even with my thoughts of how much I want for my kids, your thoughts are even more for my kids.
And I believe, Father, that you have a perfect plan for their life, and I trust them in your hand.
Father, I take the worry out of my life concerning my kids.
And I thank you, Father, that you have a divine purpose for their life, better than what I have in my heart for them, to prosper them, to give them an expected end, to give them overflow more than whatever I could dare ask or think.
Father, I pray for every single wayward child, Father, that don't know you.
Father, I call forth the blinders—you said in your word that Satan has blinded the eyes of the unbeliever.
And I say in the name of Jesus, "Satan, get your hands off of our unsaved loved ones.
Get your hands off of them.
" The eyes of the unbeliever are becoming enlightened, flooded with light according to Ephesians 1.
And I say in the name of Jesus, their eyes are flooded with light today in the name of Jesus.
They would know the hope of your calling and what you called them to do, Father.
And Father, I thank you, Lord.
The Bible says that no man comes to the Father unless he is drawn by Him.
And I thank you, Lord, that you're drawing all men.
"If I be lifted up, I'll draw all men to me.
" Father, that's what you said you'd do.
Now, Father, I thank you that you're drawing them in.
You're drawing all these unsaved loved ones in, Father.
You're sending laborers.
We send the laborers.
And Father, I thank you, Lord.
The laborers are going before them right now in the name of Jesus and bringing them in, for the harvest is plentiful and the laborers are few.
But Father, I thank you, Lord, that you're sending our laborers out right now in the name of Jesus to bring in our unsaved loved ones.
And Father, I thank you, Lord, that when they come back to church, they'll come back to a church that's on fire for Jesus.
They'll find a church that's on fire, and they'll not shrink back.
And Father, they'll do exactly what they're called to do and preach the gospel and tell them that Jesus Christ is coming—not preaching some watered-down word, getting in there and going, "What was that?
" but they'll go, "That was life-changing.
" Because the pastors are spending time with throne time.
They're spending time at the feet of Jesus, and they're getting that fresh living water, filling themselves up, and they're not dumping out of their reserves.
The Lord said, "Do not dump out of your reserves.
Dump out of your overflow.
" If you're dumping out of your reserves, it's a dangerous place to be.
You're committing treachery against your spirit.
He said, "Don't do it.
You dump out of your overflow.
" And so, if you don't have overflow, sit down.
Have somebody else do it.
Be filled with the Holy Ghost.
Fill yourself up to the overflow, and that's where you minister from.
Thank you, Father.
Thank you, Lord.
Drink, drink, drink.
Renew your mind.
Thank you, Lord, for that's where we are in these end times.
We're not shrinking back and being afraid of where we are, but Father, we're taking our authority.
We're taking our authority, and we give God all the glory, honor, and praise for it.
We call healing.
Now, the Lord said, "Call for healing.
" Father, we call healing over your bodies from the top of your head to the soles of your feet.
We believe that Jesus Christ is a healer today.
And we call you healed and whole and well in the mighty name of Jesus.
And every area of your life, there's nothing too big and there's nothing too small.
Jesus Christ paid the price for it all.
And we call you healed and whole and well today over everything that's demonically attached to you.
We call you delivered.
He came to set the captives free.
And we call you healed and whole and well in the name of Jesus.
"For whom the Son has set free is free indeed.
" And we call you delivered in the name of Jesus.
We call you free in the name of Jesus.
And we thank you, Lord, that they're healed and whole and well.
We call them healed in their livers.
I saw livers being healed right then.
I just saw a vision of a liver, and the Lord said the livers are being healed.
We call fatty livers to be healed.
We call gallbladders to be healed, and bile to flow.
We call the bile to be flowing in the name of Jesus.
We call livers and this area of the gallbladder to be healed and whole and well in the name of Jesus.
There's an anointing on it—I felt it.
Gallstones are dissolving right now in the name of Jesus.
Gall stones are dissolving right now in the name of Jesus.
I see them dissolving like little Alka-Seltzer tablets.
Do you hear me?
I see it in the spirit, like an Alka-Seltzer tablet like that.
They're dissolving, bubbling, bubbling, bubbling.
They're dissolving right now in the name of Jesus.
Thank you, Lord.
Those people I saw, they were in excruciating pain.
They were in very bad pain, and the Lord is healing their gallbladders right now.
They're healing.
I believe—I'm a believing believer—that you won't have to have surgery now.
There's a healing over that gall, a renewing of gallbladders right now in the name of Jesus, from the top of their head to the soles of their feet.
We believe, Father, with them for a brand new gallbladder out of those windows of heaven.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for a brand new gallbladder right now in the name of Jesus, over that right there.
I call them healed and whole and well.
Brand new livers.
This is cirrhosis of the liver concerning alcohol.
You've ruined your liver from drinking, and the Lord wants you to know you're going to get a brand new liver.
Stop drinking.
Do you understand?
Don't destroy the second one.
This is out of grace.
Put the bottle down now.
We call forth you to be delivered from that alcohol, brand new livers, addiction right now in the name of Jesus, totally delivered from the top of your head.
You're drying up from that.
You've had that addiction.
This is a spirit.
I command that spirit of alcoholism to be broken off of your life—generational curse of alcoholism to be broken off of your life in the name of Jesus.
And I call you free from alcohol addiction, and I say your liver is restored in the name of Jesus.
It's like you have jaundice of the skin.
I see a yellowing of jaundice, like from the liver, toxic liver concerning this.
You've been drinking so much of these whiskeys and tequila, and you've been drinking so much that even your skin's turning yellow, and the Lord's restoring you, and you're going to be completely free from this.
And he's showing his goodness to you today.
He's showing his goodness to you today.
It shows how much he loves you.
A restoring of their liver, a restoring of this, but not only that, a delivering you of an alcoholic spirit.
And the Lord said, "How you're going to stay free from this?
You've got to find the Word.
You've got to find scriptures to fill that up because he'll come back with eight more of his friends.
" Do you understand this is a demonic spirit?
But the only way is you'll know the truth, and the truth will set you free.
You have to understand that you have a covenant, and you've got to understand the Bible.
He said he came to set the captives free, but you've got to understand how he did and his Word.
Go over the Gospels.
Read all the red.
I want you to go and read all of the red.
Read it, not just once; read it three or four times.
Read it.
Renew your mind over and over.
All the red—it's the good stuff.
Jesus, he's talking to you.
Read it over and over.
I heard the Holy Spirit tell you, "Read the red all through, all the red, and read it several times.
" Read it and read it and read it again.
That's what the Holy Spirit just told me to say.
Whoever this is, you need to read this red.
Fill your mind with the Word of God.
It'll change you from the inside out.
And God's renewing your liver.
God's renewing you right now.
It is cirrhosis of the liver from drinking, and this is a demonic spirit that was sent on you.
It's generational.
That's what the Lord just showed me.
Father, I thank you, Lord.
I agree with them that they're free from this, and they're not going to be bound by this anymore.
Today is their day of their expiration date of alcoholism.
Today is their expiration date of alcoholism in the name of Jesus.
Hallelujah.
I heard—I'm telling you, it's clear—God is setting this person free.
And it might be more than one of you.
You need to know God is setting you free from alcohol addiction today.
Say it: "I am free.
" You've got to say it out of your mouth: "I am free from alcohol.
I am delivered from alcohol.
" Your mountain has to hear your voice.
And I believe angelic assistance is driving out this demonic spirit right now.
In the name of Jesus, anoint your head with oil and say, "I am free from alcohol addiction," and read the Word.
Father, I thank you, Lord.
I thank you, Father.
Hallelujah.
All kinds of addictions are being broken off of people's lives right now.
All kinds of addictions, addictions to all kinds of different things.
You say, "Be specific.
" Pornography is one.
You've been bound by internet pornography, and you've been bound by it so strongly you think, "I'm never going to get free from this.
" And you keep going back to it, and your hands just keep slipping on those keyboards, and you just keep going and looking at stuff you shouldn't be looking at.
And the Lord wants you to be free from that.
The Lord wants you free from these pornographic sites.
Stop looking at it.
Get accountability if you have to, but there's a spirit behind it driving you, and the Lord doesn't want you to have to deal with that anymore.
Be free from that in the name of Jesus.
It's going to lead to other things.
This is a gateway.
This is what the devil's trying to get—a gateway to go to other things concerning this.
Do not do this anymore.
The Lord's going to help you with this.
Find the Word to renew your mind concerning this.
This is serious.
Thank you, Father.
He's not here to embarrass you; he's here to set you free.
He wants you free.
Do you understand?
And you've got to embarrass the devil before he embarrasses you.
Thank you, Father.
Glory to God.
Hallelujah.
Well, that's what I feel in my spirit.
That's good.
Thank you, Lord.
Well, thank you for joining us today.
Aren't you glad you came?
Yes, I'm glad I came.
Amazing.
I'm glad I did this.
Braden's laughing.
I love my son.
He's behind the camera today.
Glory to God.
Well, I'm so glad you all showed up today to come and pray with us.
I know it's kind of different, but that's just what I felt to do.
The Lord said, "Pray in English and pray for these people.
" And it translates better for the other channels in Asia.
So, my son—all of you in Asia right now, hello!
We're so excited you're joining us because we're translating this for you.
And in Portuguese, and Japan, and South Korea, China, France, Germany, Russia—all these channels—it's easier whenever you're speaking in English for these channels.
So, I told him, I said, "Well, you can't translate tongues through what we do.
" And I told Diana, I said, "Well, we'll do more videos like this in English, and I'll pray in English because people are needing freedom all around the world.
" And so, when we're praying, we're believing for you, and all these other nations are represented here today.
And we're believing for your marriages and for your households, and we're excited about what God is doing in each one of our channels.
We have six other channels, and we're so excited about what God's doing in these other channels, and they come and they're hungry.
So, we're so enthusiastic.
And the Lord keeps telling me, "Brandon, we must reach my Asian people.
" And so, that's what we're doing, all to the glory of Jesus.
So, thank you.
Please subscribe.
Help us.
Asian family, subscribe, tell your other loved ones.
I know we're believing you'll be completely free from false religion in every area of your life.
From Buddha—Buddha didn't die for you; Jesus did.
Muhammad didn't die for you; Jesus did.
All the other, whatever false god—I'm just telling you, Jesus died for every single one of you, and he wants you free, and he loves you, and he has a plan for your life.
Remember this.
We're so excited that you're here.
We love it.
We love our Asian community.
We love our Latino community and our all-around-the-world community.
I don't want to miss anybody, but we're just so excited you're here.
God bless you all.
If you could subscribe—if you haven't subscribed—click the notification bell, click the like button, click the thumbs up, click all the things.
You could comment something nice down below if these videos mean something to you.
We really appreciate the encouragement.
Thank you for the emails.
Yesterday's live stream, there were so many of those super thanks and chat things.
I just want to tell y'all thank you.
You never have to do that.
We're so grateful for every time you do that.
It's just such a blessing.
Braden always said, "Daddy, people were so nice to us last night.
" And I said, "Wow, I don't ever look at all that stuff anymore.
" Braden keeps up with all of it.
I have to keep myself away from it, but I'm so thankful for the comments.
I'm so thankful for every single one of you that are so kind to my family doing those little super thanks.
God bless you.
God bless every single one of you.
Thank you so much.
So many kind people.
Yeah.
So much kindness.
They're just loving on us and I just want to say thank you.
It's very much appreciated.
But we just want to close the video today by telling you all to put a smile on your face.
Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you.
God bless you all and we'll see you again soon.
Bye-bye.